ON THE NOSE. MICHAEL FLYNN AND VLADAMIR PUTIN
MICHAEL FLYNN AND VLADAMIR PUTIN SITTING ELBOW TO ELBOW AT A
SITTING ELBOW TO ELBOW AT A FANCY DINNER IN MOSCOW.
FANCY DINNER IN MOSCOW. COME ON, MAKE IT MORE SUBTLE.
COME ON, MAKE IT MORE SUBTLE. IT WAS TAKEN DECEMBER OF 2015.
IT WAS TAKEN DECEMBER OF 2015. VLADAMIR PUTIN WAS WORKING
VLADAMIR PUTIN WAS WORKING BEHIND THE SCENES TO ATTACK OUR
BEHIND THE SCENES TO ATTACK OUR ELECTION TO HELP SWING THE
ELECTION TO HELP SWING THE ELECTION IN TRUMP’S FAVOR.
ELECTION IN TRUMP’S FAVOR. ALL A LITTLE OBVIOUS.
ALL A LITTLE OBVIOUS. WE’RE GOING ON THREE YEARS NOW
WE’RE GOING ON THREE YEARS NOW SINCE THAT PICTURE WAS TAKEN.
SINCE THAT PICTURE WAS TAKEN. GIVEN ALL THAT’S HAPPENED SINCE
GIVEN ALL THAT’S HAPPENED SINCE THEN, THE PICTURE ALMOST LOOKS
THEN, THE PICTURE ALMOST LOOKS WEIRDER BY THE WAY -- IT LOOKS
WEIRDER BY THE WAY -- IT LOOKS WEIRDER NOW THAN THE DAY GENERAL
WEIRDER NOW THAN THE DAY GENERAL FLYNN WAS SITTING THERE.
FLYNN WAS SITTING THERE. WHY WOULD HE DO THAT?
WHY WOULD HE DO THAT? WHAT WAS HE DOING THERE IN
WHAT WAS HE DOING THERE IN MOSCOW THAT DAY?
MOSCOW THAT DAY? TONIGHT, THANKS TO SOME NEW
TONIGHT, THANKS TO SOME NEW REPORTING FROM "THE WALL STREET
REPORTING FROM "THE WALL STREET JOURNAL," WE DO KNOW A LITTLE
JOURNAL," WE DO KNOW A LITTLE BIT MORE ABOUT THE CIRCUMSTANCES
BIT MORE ABOUT THE CIRCUMSTANCES THERE.
THERE. WE NOW KNOW, FOR EXAMPLE, WHAT
WE NOW KNOW, FOR EXAMPLE, WHAT MIKE FLYNN WAS DOING RIGHT
MIKE FLYNN WAS DOING RIGHT BEFORE HE FLEW TO MOSCOW TO HAVE
BEFORE HE FLEW TO MOSCOW TO HAVE THAT DINNER.
THAT DINNER. TURNS OUT HE WAS TALKING TO THIS
TURNS OUT HE WAS TALKING TO THIS GUY.
GUY. PETER W. SMITH.
PETER W. SMITH. PETR SMITH WAS A LONG-TIME
PETR SMITH WAS A LONG-TIME REPUBLICAN OPERATIVE, LAST MAY
REPUBLICAN OPERATIVE, LAST MAY HE WAS FOUND DEATH IN A HOTEL
HE WAS FOUND DEATH IN A HOTEL ROOM, RULED AS A SUSUICIDE.
ROOM, RULED AS A SUSUICIDE. JUST A FEW DAYS BEFORE HE DIED,
JUST A FEW DAYS BEFORE HE DIED, HE DID AN INTERVIEW WHICH HE
HE DID AN INTERVIEW WHICH HE TOLD THEM ABOUT A PROJECT HE HAD
TOLD THEM ABOUT A PROJECT HE HAD BEEN WORKING ON DURING THE 2016
BEEN WORKING ON DURING THE 2016 CAMPAIGN, TRYING TO TRACK DOWN
CAMPAIGN, TRYING TO TRACK DOWN WHAT HE BELIEVED WERE THOUSANDS
WHAT HE BELIEVED WERE THOUSANDS OF E-MAILS THAT HAD BEEN HACKED
OF E-MAILS THAT HAD BEEN HACKED FROM HILLARY CLINTON’S PRIVATE
FROM HILLARY CLINTON’S PRIVATE E-MAIL SERVER.
E-MAIL SERVER. HE CONTACTED PEOPLE WHO HE
HE CONTACTED PEOPLE WHO HE BELIEVED WERE RUSSIAN HACKERS
BELIEVED WERE RUSSIAN HACKERS ONLINE TO ENCOURAGE THEM TO GET
ONLINE TO ENCOURAGE THEM TO GET CLINTON E-MAILS, SO THEY COULD
CLINTON E-MAILS, SO THEY COULD BE USED AGAINST CLINTON IN THE
BE USED AGAINST CLINTON IN THE ELECTION FOR TRUMP’S BENEFIT.
ELECTION FOR TRUMP’S BENEFIT. IN OTHER WORDS, PETER SMITH,
IN OTHER WORDS, PETER SMITH, U.S. CITIZEN, VOLUNTEERED TO
U.S. CITIZEN, VOLUNTEERED TO "THE WALL STREET JOURNAL" LAST
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL" LAST YEAR THAT HE, AS AN AMERICAN
YEAR THAT HE, AS AN AMERICAN CITIZEN, REALLY HAD TRIED TO
CITIZEN, REALLY HAD TRIED TO COLLUDE WITH RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE
COLLUDE WITH RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION IN
THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION IN TRUMP’S FAVOR.
TRUMP’S FAVOR. SINCE THEN, ONE IMPORTANT
SINCE THEN, ONE IMPORTANT QUESTION ABOUT THAT STORY HAS
QUESTION ABOUT THAT STORY HAS BEEN, WELL, WAS HE JUST DOING
BEEN, WELL, WAS HE JUST DOING THIS AS PETER SMITH, PRIVATE
THIS AS PETER SMITH, PRIVATE CITIZEN, OR WAS HE DOING THIS AS
CITIZEN, OR WAS HE DOING THIS AS AN AGENT OF THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN?
AN AGENT OF THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN? WELL, TONIGHT, "THE WALL STREET
WELL, TONIGHT, "THE WALL STREET JOURNAL" FIGURED OUT A PIECE OF
JOURNAL" FIGURED OUT A PIECE OF THAT.
THAT. TONIGHT, THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
TONIGHT, THE WALL STREET JOURNAL ADDS THE NEWS IN WHICH THE STORY
ADDS THE NEWS IN WHICH THE STORY OF GENERAL FLYNN AND THAT DINNER
OF GENERAL FLYNN AND THAT DINNER MOSCOW AND THE STRANGE STORY OF
MOSCOW AND THE STRANGE STORY OF PETER SMITH AND HIS ATTEMPTED
PETER SMITH AND HIS ATTEMPTED COLLUSION AROUND HILLARY
COLLUSION AROUND HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAILS, THOSE STORIES
CLINTON’S E-MAILS, THOSE STORIES KIND OF COME TOGETHER.
>> SO THAT’S WHAT MIKE FLYNN WAS
>> SO THAT’S WHAT MIKE FLYNN WAS DOING BEFORE HE HOPPED THAT
DOING BEFORE HE HOPPED THAT FLYNN TO MOSCOW.
FLYNN TO MOSCOW. APPARENTLY HE WAS TALKING TO
APPARENTLY HE WAS TALKING TO PETER SMITH, WHO WAS TRYING TO
PETER SMITH, WHO WAS TRYING TO REACH RUSSIAN HACKERS ONLINE TO
REACH RUSSIAN HACKERS ONLINE TO GET HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAILS.
GET HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAILS. WE SPOKE WITH HIM ON THE DAY HE
WE SPOKE WITH HIM ON THE DAY HE LEFT FOR HIS TRIP TO MOSCOW.
LEFT FOR HIS TRIP TO MOSCOW. "THE WALL STREET JOURNAL" HAS
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL" HAS DONE INCREDIBLE REPORTING ON
DONE INCREDIBLE REPORTING ON THIS STORY, PULLING AT THIS FOR
THIS STORY, PULLING AT THIS FOR MORE THAN A YEAR.
MORE THAN A YEAR. AS HAS ROBERT MUELLER, THE
AS HAS ROBERT MUELLER, THE SPECIAL COUNSEL.
SPECIAL COUNSEL. HE HAS QUESTIONED WITNESSES
HE HAS QUESTIONED WITNESSES CONNECTED TO THE LATE MR. SMITH,
CONNECTED TO THE LATE MR. SMITH, INCLUDING AT LEAST ONE BEFORE
INCLUDING AT LEAST ONE BEFORE THE GRAND JURY.
THE GRAND JURY. HE APPARENTLY HAS A TROVE OF
HE APPARENTLY HAS A TROVE OF DOCUMENTS AND HARD DRIVES THAT
DOCUMENTS AND HARD DRIVES THAT BELONG TO PETER SMITH.
BELONG TO PETER SMITH. BUT SORT OF BOTTOM LINE HERE,
BUT SORT OF BOTTOM LINE HERE, THIS ONE AMERICAN, NOW DECEASED,
THIS ONE AMERICAN, NOW DECEASED, WHO CHEERFULLY ADMITTED TO
WHO CHEERFULLY ADMITTED TO COLLUDING WITH RUSSIA TO GETTING
COLLUDING WITH RUSSIA TO GETTING HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAILS, IS
HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAILS, IS DEAD NOW, BUT HE DOES APPEAR TO
DEAD NOW, BUT HE DOES APPEAR TO HAVE HAD A REAL WORKING
HAVE HAD A REAL WORKING RELATIONSHIP AT THE TIME WITH
RELATIONSHIP AT THE TIME WITH SOMEONE AT THE TOP OF THE TRUMP
SOMEONE AT THE TOP OF THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. WHAT EXACTLY DOES THAT MEAN AND
WHAT EXACTLY DOES THAT MEAN AND WHAT HAPPENS NEXT HERE?
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT HERE? JOINING US IS SHELBY HOLIDAY, A
JOINING US IS SHELBY HOLIDAY, A REPORTER AT "THE WALL STREET
REPORTER AT "THE WALL STREET JOURNAL."
JOURNAL." THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE.
THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE. >> THANKS FOR HAVING ME.
>> THANKS FOR HAVING ME. >> SO FIRST LET ME ASK YOU, DID
>> SO FIRST LET ME ASK YOU, DID I GET ANY OF THAT WRONG?
I GET ANY OF THAT WRONG? >> NO.
>> NO. FACTUALLY, IT WAS CORRECT.
FACTUALLY, IT WAS CORRECT. >> SO IN TERMS OF THIS E-MAIL,
>> SO IN TERMS OF THIS E-MAIL, WHICH SAYS THAT THERE WAS A
WHICH SAYS THAT THERE WAS A RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN FLYNN AND
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN FLYNN AND MR. SMITH IN 2015, A CRUCIAL
MR. SMITH IN 2015, A CRUCIAL TIME FOR THIS TIMELINE, WHAT CAN
TIME FOR THIS TIMELINE, WHAT CAN YOU TELL US ABOUT THAT E-MAIL,
YOU TELL US ABOUT THAT E-MAIL, CIRCUMSTANCES OF IT, AND WHETHER
CIRCUMSTANCES OF IT, AND WHETHER YOU SEE IT I GUESS AS HARD AND
YOU SEE IT I GUESS AS HARD AND FAST EVIDENCE THAT THAT
FAST EVIDENCE THAT THAT RELATIONSHIP DID EXIST?
RELATIONSHIP DID EXIST? >> THE PERSON THAT WROTE THE
>> THE PERSON THAT WROTE THE E-MAIL DECLINED TO TALK TO US.
E-MAIL DECLINED TO TALK TO US. WE’VE SEEN THE E-MAIL AND THE
WE’VE SEEN THE E-MAIL AND THE E-MAIL LED US TO BELIEVE THAT
E-MAIL LED US TO BELIEVE THAT YES, IN FACT, THERE WAS A
YES, IN FACT, THERE WAS A RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THESE TWO
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THESE TWO MEN BEFORE FLYNN, AS YOU SAID,
MEN BEFORE FLYNN, AS YOU SAID, TOOK OFF TO MOSCOW AND THEN
TOOK OFF TO MOSCOW AND THEN LATER JOINED THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN.
LATER JOINED THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. WE’VE BEEN ABLE TO CONFIRM THAT
WE’VE BEEN ABLE TO CONFIRM THAT WITH SOURCES.
WITH SOURCES. WE KNOW THAT THEY WERE IN TOUCH
WE KNOW THAT THEY WERE IN TOUCH IN 2015.
IN 2015. WE DON’T KNOW IF ANY BUSINESS
WE DON’T KNOW IF ANY BUSINESS DEALS CAME OF THAT.
DEALS CAME OF THAT. WE DON’T HAVE ANY REASON TO
WE DON’T HAVE ANY REASON TO THINK THEY DID, AND WE DON’T
THINK THEY DID, AND WE DON’T KNOW WHAT THEY SPOKE ABOUT
KNOW WHAT THEY SPOKE ABOUT BEFORE MICHAEL FLYNN LEFT AND
BEFORE MICHAEL FLYNN LEFT AND HOPPED ON THAT PLANE TO RUSSIA.
HOPPED ON THAT PLANE TO RUSSIA. >> AT THE TIME, MIKE FLYNN HAD
>> AT THE TIME, MIKE FLYNN HAD LEFT THE DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE
LEFT THE DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY UNDER DIFFICULT
AGENCY UNDER DIFFICULT CIRCUMSTANCES.
CIRCUMSTANCES. HE HAD FORMED A PRIVATE
HE HAD FORMED A PRIVATE INTELLIGENCE GROUP, AND YOU
INTELLIGENCE GROUP, AND YOU SUGGEST IN THE STORY THAT IT’S
SUGGEST IN THE STORY THAT IT’S POSSIBLE THAT PETER SMITH WAS
POSSIBLE THAT PETER SMITH WAS LOOKING AT POTENTIAL INVESTMENT
LOOKING AT POTENTIAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, MAYBE WANTED TO
OPPORTUNITY, MAYBE WANTED TO BECOME INVOLVED IN FLYNN’S
BECOME INVOLVED IN FLYNN’S BUSINESS.
BUSINESS. >> PETER SMITH WAS AN INVESTOR,
>> PETER SMITH WAS AN INVESTOR, HE HAD A LOT OF DIFFERENT
HE HAD A LOT OF DIFFERENT CONNECTIONS.
CONNECTIONS. HE WAS A REPUBLICAN, HIS FRIENDS
HE WAS A REPUBLICAN, HIS FRIENDS DESCRIBE HIM AS AN ARDENT
DESCRIBE HIM AS AN ARDENT CONSERVATIVE.
CONSERVATIVE. SO IT WOULD MAKE SENSE IF THEY
SO IT WOULD MAKE SENSE IF THEY WERE TRYING TO CONNECT ON A
WERE TRYING TO CONNECT ON A BUSINESS LEVEL THAT THEY WOULD
BUSINESS LEVEL THAT THEY WOULD HAVE A MEETING.
HAVE A MEETING. AGAIN, WE DON’T KNOW IF ANYTHING
AGAIN, WE DON’T KNOW IF ANYTHING CAME UP RELATED TO HILLARY
CAME UP RELATED TO HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAILS.
CLINTON’S E-MAILS. BUT WE DO KNOW THAT PETER SMITH,
BUT WE DO KNOW THAT PETER SMITH, FOR A LONG TIME, WAS CONVINCED
FOR A LONG TIME, WAS CONVINCED THAT HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAILS
THAT HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAILS WERE OUT THERE, THAT HE COULD
WERE OUT THERE, THAT HE COULD GET THEM, AND THEY WOULD BE VERY
GET THEM, AND THEY WOULD BE VERY DAMAGING TO HER AND SPILL
DAMAGING TO HER AND SPILL SECRETS SHE DIDN’T WANT REVEALED
SECRETS SHE DIDN’T WANT REVEALED RELATED TO HER WORK IN THE OBAMA
RELATED TO HER WORK IN THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION.
ADMINISTRATION. >> NOW, THE OTHER PART OF THIS
>> NOW, THE OTHER PART OF THIS THAT HAS RUNG FOR SO LONG, SINCE
THAT HAS RUNG FOR SO LONG, SINCE THE JOURNAL FIRST BROKE THIS
THE JOURNAL FIRST BROKE THIS STORY IS SMITH KEPT SAYING WHEN
STORY IS SMITH KEPT SAYING WHEN TALKING TO OTHER PEOPLE ABOUT
TALKING TO OTHER PEOPLE ABOUT THIS PROJECT, ABOUT HIS EFFORTS
THIS PROJECT, ABOUT HIS EFFORTS TO GET HILLARY CLINTON’S
TO GET HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAILS, HE TALKED ABOUT HOW HE
E-MAILS, HE TALKED ABOUT HOW HE WAS HAPPY TO TRY TO GET THEM
WAS HAPPY TO TRY TO GET THEM FROM RUSSIAN HACKERS, BUT HE
FROM RUSSIAN HACKERS, BUT HE ALSO BRAGGED ABOUT HIS
ALSO BRAGGED ABOUT HIS RELATIONSHIP WITH THE TRUMP
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. DIDN’T HE BRAG ABOUT HAVING A
DIDN’T HE BRAG ABOUT HAVING A RELATIONSHIP WITH FLYNN?
RELATIONSHIP WITH FLYNN? >> HE USED FLYNN AS A PERSON
>> HE USED FLYNN AS A PERSON HELPING THE EFFORT.
HELPING THE EFFORT. HE DROPPED HIS NAME A LOT.
HE DROPPED HIS NAME A LOT. AND HE HADDOCKMENTS DOCUMENTS TH
AND HE HADDOCKMENTS DOCUMENTS TH STEVE BANNON WAS INVOLVED,
STEVE BANNON WAS INVOLVED, KELLYANNE CONWAY.NYIED KNOWING H
KELLYANNE CONWAY.NYIED KNOWING H MICHAEL FLYNN IS NOT TALKING,
MICHAEL FLYNN IS NOT TALKING, BUT HE HASN’T PUSHED BACK AS
BUT HE HASN’T PUSHED BACK AS FIERCELY AS SOME OF THE OTHERS
FIERCELY AS SOME OF THE OTHERS IN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN.
IN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. >> TO ME, THAT’S THE SUPER
>> TO ME, THAT’S THE SUPER CLARIFYING THING ABOUT THIS
CLARIFYING THING ABOUT THIS STORY.
STORY. I FOLLOWED EVERY INCREMENTAL
I FOLLOWED EVERY INCREMENTAL DEVELOPMENT.
DEVELOPMENT. FOR ME, THIS IS LIKE WE’VE NOW
FOR ME, THIS IS LIKE WE’VE NOW TAKEN A TURN.
TAKEN A TURN. WITHOUT KNOWING ANYTHING ABOUT
WITHOUT KNOWING ANYTHING ABOUT PETER SMITH OTHER THAN HIS
PETER SMITH OTHER THAN HIS ACTIVISM, HIM DROPPING LOTS OF
ACTIVISM, HIM DROPPING LOTS OF NAMES, DON’T WORRY, THIS IS
NAMES, DON’T WORRY, THIS IS LEGIT, THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN HAS ME
LEGIT, THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN HAS ME WORKING ON THIS, HE MIGHT BE A
WORKING ON THIS, HE MIGHT BE A CRAZY DUDE.
CRAZY DUDE. BUT IF THERE’S CORROBORATING
BUT IF THERE’S CORROBORATING INFORMATION, THAT MIGHT HAVE
INFORMATION, THAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN ABOUT SOMETHING REAL,
BEEN ABOUT SOMETHING REAL, BECAUSE HIM AND FLYNN DID MEET
BECAUSE HIM AND FLYNN DID MEET AND HAVE A RELATIONSHIP.
AND HAVE A RELATIONSHIP. THAT IMPLICATES AT LEAST FLYNN,
THAT IMPLICATES AT LEAST FLYNN, IF NOT THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN MORE
IF NOT THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN MORE BROADLY IN WHAT SMITH WAS DOING.
BROADLY IN WHAT SMITH WAS DOING. >> YES.
>> YES. THAT’S A REALLY GOOD POINT.
THAT’S A REALLY GOOD POINT. HE COULD BE A CRAZY PERSON AND
HE COULD BE A CRAZY PERSON AND SOME OF HIS FRIENDS THINK HE WAS
SOME OF HIS FRIENDS THINK HE WAS A DELUDED OLD MAN.
A DELUDED OLD MAN. BUT HE WASN’T CRAZY IN THE WAY
BUT HE WASN’T CRAZY IN THE WAY HE WENT ABOUT IT.
HE WENT ABOUT IT. HE FORMED A COMPANY, HE HAD A
HE FORMED A COMPANY, HE HAD A DUMMY E-MAIL ACCOUNT WHERE HE
DUMMY E-MAIL ACCOUNT WHERE HE HAD PEOPLE LEAVE DRAFTS BUT
HAD PEOPLE LEAVE DRAFTS BUT DIDN’T WANT THEM TO SEND
DIDN’T WANT THEM TO SEND E-MAILS.
E-MAILS. AND HE WAS RAISING MONEY FROM AT
AND HE WAS RAISING MONEY FROM AT LEAST FOUR DONORS, RAISING AT
LEAST FOUR DONORS, RAISING AT LEAST $100,000.
LEAST $100,000. AND DID HE PAY HACKERS?
AND DID HE PAY HACKERS? HE SAID HE WAS IN TOUCH WITH
HE SAID HE WAS IN TOUCH WITH FIVE GROUPS OF HACKERS.
FIVE GROUPS OF HACKERS. TWO OF THEM HE BELIEVED WERE
TWO OF THEM HE BELIEVED WERE RUSSIAN AND HAD TIES TO THE
RUSSIAN AND HAD TIES TO THE KREMLIN.
KREMLIN. YOU KNOW, IT RAISES QUESTIONS
YOU KNOW, IT RAISES QUESTIONS ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT HE WAS
ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT HE WAS CRAZY AND IF HE WAS VERY AWARE
CRAZY AND IF HE WAS VERY AWARE OF WHAT HE WAS DOING AND WHETHER
OF WHAT HE WAS DOING AND WHETHER OR NOT WHAT HE WAS DOING WAS
OR NOT WHAT HE WAS DOING WAS WRONG.
WRONG. >> TO BE CLEAR IN TERMS OF
>> TO BE CLEAR IN TERMS OF FOLLOWING THE MONEY HERE, YOU’VE
FOLLOWING THE MONEY HERE, YOU’VE BEEN ABLE TO TRACK AMERICANS
BEEN ABLE TO TRACK AMERICANS FROM WHOM SMITH RAISED MONEY FOR
FROM WHOM SMITH RAISED MONEY FOR THIS PROJECT.
THIS PROJECT. WE DON’T KNOW IF SMITH SENT
WE DON’T KNOW IF SMITH SENT MONEY TO THE RUSSIANS OR ANYBODY
MONEY TO THE RUSSIANS OR ANYBODY ELSE TO PAY FOR WHAT HE THOUGHT